docs: add dedicated package for code snippets from contracts section (#895)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/contracts/variable-outputs.md

<!-- NOTE: Review the relevance of this documentation page. The TypeScript SDK manages Output variables automatically, which may make the current content lack sufficient context. Consider providing a detailed explanation of how transactions work in a UTXO-based blockchain before discussing Output variables. This approach will ensure users have a better understanding of the topic and its importance. -->

# Variable Outputs

> In certain scenarios, you may need to send funds to the output of a transaction. Sway provides a dedicated method for this purpose called `transfer_to_address(coins, asset_id, recipient)`. This method allows you to transfer a specified number of coins of a given asset to a recipient address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to send funds to the transaction output in certain scenarios. Sway provides a method called `transfer_to_address(coins, asset_id, recipient)` that we can use for this purpose, which allows you to transfer a specific number of coins for a given asset to a recipient address.
```

<!-- NOTE: Review the relevance of this documentation page. The TypeScript SDK manages Output variables automatically, which may make the current content lack sufficient context. Consider providing a detailed explanation of how transactions work in a UTXO-based blockchain before discussing Output variables. This approach will ensure users have a better understanding of the topic and its importance. -->

# Variable Outputs

In certain scenarios, you may need to send funds to the output of a transaction. Sway provides a dedicated method for this purpose called `transfer_to_address(coins, asset_id, recipient)`. This method allows you to transfer a specified number of coins of a given asset to a recipient address.

## Example: Using `transfer_to_address` in a Contract

Here's an example of a contract function that utilizes the `transfer_to_address` method:

```rust:line-numbers
    fn transfer_coins_to_output(coins: u64, asset_id: ContractId, recipient: Address) {
        transfer_to_address(coins, asset_id, recipient);
    }
```

## Using the SDK to Call the `transfer_coins_to_output` Function

> With the SDK, you can call the transfer_coins_to_output function by chaining the append_variable_outputs(amount) method to your contract call, as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Duplicate sentence. 😄
